feat!: move to webrisk API to python microgenerator (#27)
googleapis/python-webrisk: UPGRADING.MD

# 2.0.0 Migration Guide

The 2.0 release of the `google-cloud-webrisk` client is a significant upgrade based on a [next-gen code generator](https://github.com/googleapis/gapic-generator-python), and includes substantial interface changes. Existing code written for earlier versions of this library will likely require updates to use this version. This document describes the changes that have been made, and what you need to do to update your usage.

If you experience issues or have questions, please file an [issue](https://github.com/googleapis/python-webrisk/issues).

## Supported Python Versions

> **WARNING**: Breaking change

The 2.0.0 release requires Python 3.6+.

## Method Calls

> **WARNING**: Breaking change

Methods expect request objects. We provide a script that will convert most common use cases.

* Install the library

```py
python3 -m pip install google-cloud-webrisk
```

> * The script `fixup_keywords.py` is shipped with the library. It expects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The scripts `fixup_webrisk_v1_keywords.py` and  `fixup_webrisk_v1beta1_keywords.py` shipped with the library. It expects
```

an input directory (with the code to convert) and an empty destination directory.

```sh

> $ fixup_keywords.py --input-directory .samples/ --output-directory samples/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ fixup_webrisk_v1_keywords.py --input-directory .samples/ --output-directory samples/
```
